that I know of health to my being that
send thanks for being here again
on my channel and here I bring you a boxing
that comes from the company tokyo flight
Japan I already imagine what it is
because I'm talking like Carlos Mata
cold the marketing manager of this
company located in japan and we're going
to bring a boxing of some watches very
modern so if you liked this video
from already too much but so with everything and
let's start gentlemen make this one
a boxing like this a little
without having done anything of so like wine sr
We are going to open it from Japan
tell them that I'm going to do a review of
these watches at the moment only going to
be in a box and nothing else and I want
tell them great news that this watch
and I sent him the company especially
so that I would do what I wanted with
them and let me tell you that they believe that
I decided to do with them
can you give it to you is nothing
more or nothing less than giving it to
you down here are going to be in the
description everything they have to do
to be able to see more types of watches
the website and all the information
that they may want to have and everything that
you need to know about this
watch company that personally
it was very beautiful I was watching
so it was the internet
I have not seen him personally so far
the moment
it's here we're going to take it out
and it's never so fine
and this flown
well this is what we are going to have to
study gentlemen because honestly
I do not know about there we're going to have to read a
little bit more but good
I'm going to do a little review and
everyone else before giving away too
I have to talk exactly with Carlos
how to make method to be able to notice before
I'm going to make more videos of this
because I have to learn how
turn it on and everything else and this one goes
being the first and sorry he is not
there ringing the phone was being the
first let's use what is the
second watch since it comes to mind that
our watches are going to do we are going to
make two winners
were you going to be gentlemen you of
the subscribers but also to account
that here in the description can give
what is the
what is this is the information of this
company because they are very good and
here is the other but to create a
watch volume
look at the detail here in the
transparent clock I do not know if it is reached
see is completely transparent
transparent and as I tell you I have to
learn to turn it on and all that but
as I'm telling you half I opened them and
well up here as I'm opening
just as I received it I did not study it for
nothing to see the little books that
you have to study wait for the review of
this one of these watches if they want me
ask him for more watches for
fix it you put two months
gentlemen leave more laica this video
visit the website of this
company and then we will give if we can
talk to Carlos to bring more watches
for you since the company wants
give a lot of propaganda for what their
watches that look really good
very good so gentlemen let's give it
like to this video we will try to
study and we will have a review and
remember that we give them remy also of
what is this side
the gadget that makes videogames
also as a Peruvian telephone is also
I have it and I plan to study it from
now here are these lady watches
realize that it's going to be for you guys
more of the lion like to this video and give it
a good comment also to this video
let's study them and bring them the
review with that I say goodbye and I leave you with
some sleeves of the watches and without the
gamer you already are
Do not let me know that I'm still going and
chile colombia argentina peru and ecuador
mixed the wind I will cast you the fashion of today
crossing the border without using I speak
admitting news not doing it and better
you do not see all mexico live in luck
USA for the savior only of the moment
in a bolus he affirmed as this movement
you know not me thank you for that time
that you man this to believe that
he never does